Probably the easiest way to get started with Node
in npm on MAC OSX is to use nvm, the Node Version Manager.
To do this, you can go to GitHub and look for creationix's nvm.
You can see the URL here.
You'll scroll down the instructions and see the command to install it.
Run that command in the terminal,
and then you should be able to use nvm to install Node.
Run nvm install node to install the latest version of node.
Then you can check the version that you have on your operating system.
In this case, we want another version of Node,
so we'll try using nvm use and entering in that version number.
As you can see, if we haven't used nvm to install that version already,
we're going to need to do that with the nvm install command.
You can do this now.
With the 6.
10.
3 version of Node installed, and the corresponding version of npm,
we can go ahead and install the serverless framework.
Let's do this now with npm install serverless -g.
This will install the serverless framework globally.
With the installation complete,
you can check your version of the serverless framework using serverless -v.
You can also use the sls command for shorthand for
any other serverless commands.
If for some reason nvm isn't an option for you,
you can also download versions of Node and npm from the nodejs.
org website.
You can do this by going to the website,
clicking on the downloads page,
and then proceeding to download and install Node on your operating system.
You'll need to go through the provided installation guide after
downloading and double-clicking on the file.
You can use pip3 or pip install awscli with the upgrade and user
flag in order to install the aws command-line.
If this is your first time getting set up with the aws cli,
you'll also need to run the aws configure command,
and enter in credentials from the aws console.
You should have these credentials from the earlier step on creating an AWS account and getting your access keys.